You're a useless, useless, useless child
The most useless child in the entire world
You Are a Useless Child
Music and lyrics: Kikuo
La la la
Studying, athletics, speaking,
you can't do anything
You're a poor, dimwitted, grimy brat
Your mouth can't form your own name,
but I like the sobs it made
Covered in drool, snot, dandruff, shit and piss
You tainted, crybaby, coward
I don't mind, don't mind
Come here, let me protect you
together, together, together with me
La la,
A lullaby and goodnight
Let's sing a duet, a sleepy-sounding song
Let's sing it,
Sing it together with me...
Oh lonely child, child
You're a useless, useless, useless child
The most useless child in the entire world
If it weren't for me, you would be a dead child
You're a useless, useless, useless child
a sad, sad good-for-nothing
I will be the one to help you
La la la
You're a monster, ghost, invisible human,
Urinal ornament,
rejected from school
Whispered gossip from dry mouths.
Let’s listen to that monotone scream.
Nevertheless time goes on and on
You don't have enough brains nor time, child
It’s too late,
you’re mentally retarded
Oh sweet child, good child, you belong to me.
La la,
A lullaby and goodnight
Sleepily, together with me,
Let's dance, dance,
Let's dance forever oh lonely...
child, child,
child, child
You're a useless, useless, useless child
The most useless child in the entire world
You are a lonely, lonely, lonely child
I will protect you forever
But I can't catch that child
the child ran away from my side
Before I knew it, that child was covered in wounds
Even so, just like that, the child departed
child, child
I’m a useless, useless, useless child
That useless child is no longer here
Nobody helps me anymore
I'm a lonely, lonely, lonely child
There is no lonely child anymore
If only I could turn back the time
You're a Useless Child
Song/Lyrics: Kikuo
Translation and subtitles edited by Crispin